Revamp global illumination documentation (#6216)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/using_voxel_gi.rst

    ``.tres`` (text-based resource).
    Using an external binary resource for VoxelGIData will keep your text-based
    scene small while ensuring it loads and saves quickly.

VoxelGI node properties
-----------------------

The following properties can be adjusted in the VoxelGI node inspector before
baking:

- **Subdiv:** Higher values result in more precise indirect lighting, at the cost
  of lower performance, longer bake times and increased storage requirements.
- **Extents:** Represents the size of the box in which indirect lighting should
  be baked. Extents are centered around the VoxelGI node's origin.

The following properties can be adjusted in the VoxelGIData *resource* that is
contained within a VoxelGI node after it has been baked:

- **Dynamic Range:** The maximum brightness that can be represented in indirect lighting.
  Higher values make it possible to represent brighter indirect light,
  at the cost of lower precision (which can result in visible banding).
  If in doubt, leave this unchanged.
- **Energy:** The indirect lighting's overall energy. This also effects the energy
  of direct lighting emitted by meshes with emissive materials.

> - **Bias:**
> - **Normal Bias:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bias:** Optional bias added to lookups into the voxel buffer at run time, this helps avoid self-occlusion artifacts.
- **Normal Bias:** Similar to bias, but offsets the lookup into the voxel buffer by the surface normal. This also helps avoid self-occlusion artifacts.
```

Using Voxel global illumination
===============================

VoxelGI is a form of fully real-time global illumination, intended to be used
for small/medium-scale 3D scenes. VoxelGI is fairly demanding on the GPU, so
it's best used when targeting dedicated graphics cards.

.. important::

    VoxelGI is only supported when using the Clustered Forward rendering backend,
    not the Forward Mobile or Compatibility backends.

.. seealso::

    Not sure if VoxelGI is suited to your needs?
    See :ref:`doc_introduction_to_global_illumination`
    for a comparison of GI techniques available in Godot 4.0 and later.

Visual comparison
-----------------

.. figure:: img/gi_none.png
   :alt: VoxelGI disabled.

   VoxelGI disabled.

.. figure:: img/gi_voxel_gi.png
   :alt: VoxelGI enabled.

   VoxelGI enabled.

Setting up VoxelGI
------------------

- Make sure your static level geometry is imported with the Light Baking option
  set to **Static** or **Static Lightmaps** in the Import dock.
  For manually added MeshInstance3D nodes, make sure the **Global Illumination Mode**
  property is set to **Static** in the inspector.
- Create a VoxelGI node in the Scene tree dock.

> - Move the VoxelGI node to the center of the 3D scene by dragging the manipulation
>   gizmo in the 3D viewport. Then adjust the VoxelGI's extents by dragging the red
>   points in the 3D viewport (or enter values in the inspector). The VoxelGI should
>   be placed in a way that covers the scene fully. At the same time, make sure
>   the VoxelGI's extents aren't unnecessarily large, or quality will suffer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move the VoxelGI node to the center of the area you want it to cover by dragging the manipulation
  gizmo in the 3D viewport. Then adjust the VoxelGI's extents by dragging the red
  points in the 3D viewport (or enter values in the inspector). Make sure
  the VoxelGI's extents aren't unnecessarily large, or quality will suffer.
```

There is no universally "better" global illumination mode to use,
but here are some recommendations for meshes:

- For static level geometry, use the **Static** global illumination mode *(default)*.
- For small dynamic geometry and players/enemies, use the **Disabled** global
  illumination mode. Small dynamic geometry will not be able to contribute a significant
  amount of indirect lighting, due to the geometry being smaller than a voxel.
  If you need indirect lighting for small dynamic objects, it can be simulated
  using an OmniLight3D or SpotLight3D node parented to the object.
- For *large* dynamic level geometry (such as a moving train),
  use the **Dynamic** global illumination mode.

Here are some recommendations for light bake modes:

- For static level lighting, use the **Static** bake mode.
  The **Static** mode is also suitable for dynamic lights that don't change
  much during gameplay, such as a flickering torch.
- For short-lived dynamic effects (such as a weapon), use the **Disabled**
  bake mode to improve performance.
- For long-lived dynamic effects (such as a rotating alarm light),
  use the **Dynamic** bake mode to improve quality *(default)*.

> 

Reviewer: Since this section is in both the VoxelGI documentation and the SDFGI docs, its probably better suited to be moved to the global illumination docs

Author: I probably left this by mistake – I'll move it to the Introduction to global illumination page.

  instead of **High**, voxel cone tracing will only use 4 taps instead of 6.
  This speeds up rendering at the cost of less pronounced ambient occlusion.
- **Gi > Use Half Resolution:** If enabled, both VoxelGI and SDFGI will have
  their GI buffer rendering at halved resolution. For instance, when rendering
  in 3840×2160, the GI buffer will be computed at a 1920×1080 resolution.
  Enabling this option saves a lot of GPU time, but it can introduce visible
  aliasing around thin details.

Note that the **Advanced** toggle must be enabled in the project settings dialog
for the above settings to be visible.

Additionally, VoxelGI can be disabled entirely by hiding the VoxelGI node.
This can be used for comparison purposes or to improve performance on low-end systems.

Reducing VoxelGI light leaks and artifacts
------------------------------------------

After baking VoxelGI, you may notice indirect light is leaking at some spots
in your level geometry. This can be remedied in several ways:

- For both light leaking and artifacts, try moving or rotating the VoxelGI node
  then bake it again.
- To combat light leaking in general, ensure your level geometry is fully sealed.

>   This is best done in the 3D modelling software used to design the level,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This is best done in the 3D modeling software used to design the level,
```
